I was influenced to work in natural
history because I was intrigued by the
natural world at the time I'm just gonna
move in a bit is what I'm getting in the
moment is a bit wide at five years old I
was made a member of the Cousteau
Society and I was given many of his
books and posters and I was completely
captivated by these images much of his
work was done with scuba which limited
observations above 250 feet the advent
of the Cousteau of submarine saucer
permitted him to extend his observations
to 1,000
I was simply amazed by the animals he
was saying in the landscapes and there
the blueness of the sea this character
was travelling around the world and
having adventures in the deep sea in
submarines and now the past the world it
was quickly realized that the diving
saucer provided an excellent means for
gaining much of this information as I
grew older I realized that camera work
was a way of coming closer to that
understanding it
the camera Joe was allowing you to be an
adventurer we can land on here
in the course of my career I felt on the
ground back on boats on papers and on
helicopters
that's interesting the conditions are
always difficult it's not like walking
down the street in you
low fallin on cliffs I've fallen into
sewers now been attacked by harbor you
so it's got me into trouble often but I
don't regret it because I'm I'm still
functioning and you learn from it
the moments when you get the shot
everything conspires to make it work
they're very rare
but they're worth waiting for when that
moment finally arrives and the light
turns on the behavior happens the
iceberg flows faster the right angle it
makes your heart be faster they make the
hair stand up on the back of you Nate
[Music]
that's company really nice
oh yeah that's what we go
[Music]
those moments are so worth waiting for
they're irreplaceable
[Music]
you know he was until I was working on
planet Earth and I suddenly realized I
was actually doing the job won't set out
to do I'm lucky enough to follow the
adventures that I was reading about as a
child
it has an isotope
[Music]
you